27 pps 
1.average of 3 values
2.circumference
3.area
4.comments in c
5.header files
6. main function 

31 

data type
operator in c relationa' assignment operator with memory used shorthand assigm opp







Yes I am growing my community. Currently I am in my 2cd year and I am surrounded by people who are bounded by the boundaries of academics where in they are not exposed to the wide open community. I luckily got to know about this and I wanted my friends to know about it so I made a group where in I wanted to work together. Initially all were not in favor to do this thing due to many reasons. Some wanted to focus on academics, some were not able to manage time, some thought it is too big to be there, some were finding it difficult to start. I was a newbie too so I could not increase my reach as I was too facing those problem, still I managed add some who are ready to face those problem and are starting it. This small group has started looking for opportunities, they are learning, discussing and we are growing together.

I wish to grow my community to help those student who are unaware of these things. Currently I don't have skillset to showcase and become face of the community so this program would enhance my skills, improve me as a person. GitHub being a big platform would attract lot of people and help me in  providing quality opportunities in my surrounding. I would be under some great mind who would guide me and I would be the bridge between those mentor and the community members.

The community is growing but that rate is still slow. We need to grow this community more but this community should not be targeting for a particular type of people but it should have a variety of people. This community should not be only focused to coders, it needs people for documentation, it needs artist for promotion, it needs mentors to guide, it needs a management team to manage things and also it needs people to think unique. Hence the community should be diverse. One key feature of this community should be that it should be always welcoming to new people, easily accessible to everyone without any  bias. You want people to feel comfortable and you need to give them opportunities, you need to motivate them, it should be helpful community and a lots of learning. If all these things are fulfilled everyone will enjoy being in the community, they will work good. a lot success stories will come into existence and they'll feel safe. 